yya senoir is elected leader of Hamas a
week after the movement's political
Chief is Han was assassinated in tahan
as the top official of Hamas in Gaza the
62-year-old strong man was already at
the heart of power now he calls all the
shots about peace and War sin was chosen
unanimously and this shows that the
movement is aware of the nature of all
the difficulties that it's facing
negotiations were managed by leadership
and Sina was always present families of
Israeli captives accused Benjamin
Netanyahu of trying to derail ceasefire
Talks by assassinating Hanya who was the
top negotiator for the group now Israel
must deal with senoir a man it
imprisoned for over two decades and then
released in a prisoner exchange deal in
2011 that Netanyahu signed off on after
that senoir who grew up in a refugee
camp in Kan yunes was an Unstoppable
political
actor a fierce Foe for Israel sinir is
closer to the military wing of Hamas yet
able to maneuver its multi-layered
political ranks and become its leader
during a ferocious
war senoir is at the top of Israel's Hit
List accused of masterminding and
leading the October 7 attacks in which
hundreds of Fighters breached Israel's
borders and captured over 200 Israeli
civilians and soldiers
now he is the lead negotiator in
faltering ceasefire talks that Regional
and international mediators including
the Biden Administration desperately
need to succeed Israel says it will not
stop the war on Gaza until it destroys
Hamas and kills its prominent leaders
assassinating isma hania propelled yya
senoir to the helm and the center of
attention now the whole world has to
deal with him to end the war n Al jaaz
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer